welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a american fantasy
film called the man without gravity
an expectant pregnant lady named natalia
is shown as the movie starts
then comes the time for his expectancy
exposure
natalia's mother elena is also present
at the time
nautilus's condition is starting to
bother her and her mother immediately
takes her to the hospital
due to the late hour most doctors are
not present
but there is a nurse who treats her and
natalia gives birth a baby
but all are surprised and worried seeing
that baby
because every scene thing was
unbelievable
because baby starts flying in the air
natalia is also left surprised and she
says to her mother that an angel child
has bread in their house
being wise and experienced natalia's
mother understands that he is not normal
and it is truth because that baby comes
without gravity
they are unprotected people to leave the
hospital
while nurse tells them it is not the
time of their discharge
but they come to their house ignoring
her natalia's mother asks her a strange
question coming into house
she asks that you remember the child's
guardian but natalia is unable to recall
the child's guardian
then her mother tells that this child is
not normal so we have to keep it a
secret
and we can face a lot of difficulties if
someone knows about it
then they choose child's name which is
oscar
and oscar was in reality an uncommon
child
because his fostering was not easy
he used to stick with sealing for a long
time as they leave him alone
his grandmother makes the different
straps for him to keep that child on the
ground
they also make the ceiling pulpy and
feathery so the child may not get harmed
because they had fear as if they leave
him outside alone
he will go to the space flying in the
air so they are very careful about oscar
his mother and grandmother take care of
him much
oscar starts growing with the passage of
time but he remains in the house
his grandmother does not allow him to go
outside
he used to watch the cartoons of
superman living at home
he also used to imagine is he as a
superhero
then oscar asks from his mother natalia
for many times that why did they not
allow him to go
outside but they ignore it oscar sees
the people through the window including
the kids like him who are going to
school
and he used to see the playing kids with
desirous eyes missing the independent
life
he thinks as he will perhaps imprison
here forever
then one day oscar tries to escape
through window-feeling irritation from
this imprisonment of house
but his grandmother is gut furious
seeing him
observing all action grandmother seals
all windows
and she guides oscar that he will never
go outside from the house like the
schoolgoing kids
and he will read living at home hearing
it
oscar's mother is god angry and she says
how much time will we keep him in
imprisonment
he will go outside at one time then
oscar mother brings a jacket for him
keeping the two stones in its pockets
so that he may know fly she takes oscar
outside ignoring her mother
moreover she asks her to not tell the
secret to anyone like superman otherwise
he will not be a superman
once oscar goes with his mother for the
purchasement of goods and collides with
a child
girl that child girl name is agata
agada's goods are fallen down from her
hand she shouts on oscar handing over
him two water bottles
she says it is your punishment to leave
these bottles at my house
but oscar refuses it but oscar agrees on
the insistence of a gotta
and he goes with that child girl without
telling his mother
now two heavy bottles are in the hands
of oscar and stones are also in his
pockets
so he is feeling overweight so he drops
the two stones getting out his pocket
his friendship is developed with a gotta
now reaching at her home
agata asks the water bottles but oscar
refuses to return the water bottles
because he knows that he will start
flying in the air if the bottles are
returned
agata is immature so she snatches the
water bottles from oscar
as she takes water bottles from oscar he
starts flying in the air
that place is bound in its surroundings
so oscar does not fly too high
agata is left astonished seeing it in
calls or superman while shouting
oscar asks help from her hearing it
agata immediately goes in her house
and brings her pink bag filled with
stones
it was the good idea of them that he
will put these stones in his pocket
their plan is successful and oscar
descends then they become bosom friends
then oscar says to agata promise me you
will keep it secret
on the other side mother and grandmother
are worried because of oscar's
disappearance
they search him enough and they think it
is he has flown in the air
his mother finds the stones fallen on
the ground which she has been put in his
pocket
then ostra returns to house with the
given bag of agata and tells about agata
to his mother
then his mother asks have you told your
secret to her somewhere
but he tells a lie saying that i did not
tell then
oscar and agata continues to meet with
each other for many days
then one day oscar's mother comes to
know that agata is aware of this secret
after that day his mother disallows him
to meet agata
agata used to come at oscar's house but
is returned back at the doorstep by
natalia
then they become suspicious in the eyes
of the people in their surroundings
because they were feeling as oscar's
mother and grandmother mistreats him
so they don't allow him to come outside
and he does also not go to school they
report police about it and police
arrives at their house next day warning
them to send oscar in school
and they had to send oscar school under
pressure then oscar's mother goes to
school with him
they are sure that oscar cannot lead a
normal life
their eyes are filled with tears as they
bring oscar her mother understands
everything so decides to leave the house
then they begin to live at a place far
away leaving their house
many years are past and oscar is also
grown young
his mother is grown old while
grandmother is no more
and oscar has still that bag given by a
gotta
he never separated that bag from him
even he used to sleep taking this bag
with him
his way of living was still same even
today spending life at home
his life is spending on secrecy
oscar and his mother used to care each
other osaka
bored from his life he was under
frustration hiding this secret
then he thinks that in a short time he
will be famous throughout the world like
his ideal
superman if world knows about him and
many people will write books on him
but his mother does not desire as such
but his mother
explains it will not happen she thinks
of losing him if world knows of this
secret
for the sake of her mother he exhibits
patience
but one day he rushes out of the house
without telling his mother
then he visits a magic show to display
his talent first time where the talents
of the people are revealed
this show touches the peak at that night
and his mother also views that show
oscar's mother is helpless in this
matter many people had seen him on tv
making him well known he meets a man
named david next day
he is in fact an agent he assures oscar
that he can help him to become
famous we will arrange crowd puller that
will make you famous
he gives him a big house
for his residents taking the signature
on a contract agreement
oscar desired to be famous going in a
big show
he shows his performance oscar becomes a
well-known personality too soon
and afterward he is named the man
without gravity
those people have enjoyed in their work
earning a lot of money
but one day oscar feels that his
childhood dream to be superhero
in fact he is not superhero he has
become just a puppet which is used by
the people for their amusement
sometimes he was called in magic show
and sometimes in media event
he begins to dislike it with the passage
of time
although many books are written on him
and many magazines are printed
and documentaries are made showing the
bad image of his mother and grandmother
and it is disliked by oscar then there
is last show where he is costumed of an
angel which he hates
he says i am not angel he begins to say
ill to people in the show getting angry
then he says to his mother that he has
decided to leave all these things
he tells his agent enough i don't want
to be famous and my work was till this
time
he will not work more his agent explains
you cannot leave it as such but oscar is
irritated by all these
he asks him to tell people the man
without gravity
has passed away or flown in the air he
says goodbye to his mother
because he wants to live a separate life
news reveals in coming day that the man
without gravity
is dead many people talk differently
about him
oscar's mother start living alone and
many journalists continue their visit in
their house for taking information about
oscar but she never tells anything to
them
after many years oscar's mother has also
died
but oscar was still alive he was leading
his life in a different way
he had a long beard and used to sit on
wheelchair in order to hide his secret
from world
he has changed his identity doing a job
in a hotel as a receptionist
he was treated nicely by everyone one
day
his friend ota meets him she recognizes
him because of pink bag which was still
with oscar even today
which she had given him in childhood and
he remained on the ground due to this
bag and did not get married
they feel happiness meeting with each
other
but agata was unsatisfied from her life
because her purpose was only to earn
money so she had no conscience
he used to visit with many lads in that
hotel where oscar was on job
oscar feels very bad seeing her
oscar many times share his feelings with
agata
she has two changed so ignores his
wording
it is declared on it that oscar had
still feelings for her
woes are the reason of a goddess
changing of life
and oscar also left her too they
eventually
understand each other and marry and they
start living in the same childhood home
and the movie completes here subscribe
for watch more video
turn on notification don't forget to
like comment and share
thank you for watching